[terra-tag] Combobox throws error when integrated with Fusion Combo Box (#3942)
cerner/terra-core: packages/terra-form-select/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> * Changed
>   * Fixed replacing hardcoded classname with data attribute in form select combo box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed
  * Changed `class` selector used for accessing input text with data-attribute in form select `combobox` and `tag`.
```

Author: Updated. Thanks
